#Disallowed by Swati
Exploit
The player would get the first hint by visiting the website which says "Do you know what robots.txt is?". With this you will have to visit the robots.txt page of the website where you will see that 007.html is disallowed. The player would then visit 007.html page to find the flag hidden in the page sources.

Flag: wtfCTF{r0b0ts_N0t_4ll0w3d}


#investigating_the_client by Swati
Exploit
The player would have to scourge the page source to get a collection of strings that make up the password require to get another hint which asks to visit hint.html. Upon arriving there we see another hint stating us to convert the password used to base64.

Flag:wtfCTF{c1i3nt_s1d3_l0g1n}


#Notebook by Swati
Web scrapping is widely used for extracting information from websites and in this case a webpages too. We would need to use a module for this. In this case we use BeautifulSoup. Using this module we can get arranged and specifically described element from the html page source.
Now to get the flag, you will have to write a code to simply filter and extract all the paragraphs under the inline element-(span). Store them in a file preferably .csv and look for the flag.

If you were able to do this, you will get the flag which is:

Flag: wtfCTF{2_h4rd_2_s33}


#Quotes by Swati 
Exploit

The website has a collection of many quotes and sayings from different, famous persons. However, it isn't specified the values they exhibhit. You will have to find out that by going to the source code. But instead of looking for the class 'perseverance' everywhere and looking for the hint, you can write a code and use a web scraper to get the results.

First you web scrape perseverance quotes, you will get:-
"If you wish to look for the flag look for ""grit"" -Anonymous"

Second, you search for the word grit on the webpage, go to next if it isn't there. Web scraping another page for grit-quotes gives you:-
Looking for the flag, keep it up now look for "humility" -Anonymous

Third, as per given hint you will need to look for humility-related sayings. Looking for it in another page gives us:-
"Very well done, your answer is ScrapPed" -Anonymous

Flag: wtfCTF{ScrapPed}